[docs] Get started docs (#28511)
expo/expo: docs/pages/get-started/create-a-project.mdx

---
title: Create a project
description: Learn how to create a new Expo project.
hideTOC: true
---

import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

System requirements:

- [Node.js (LTS)](https://nodejs.org/en/).
- macOS, Windows (Powershell and WSL 2), and Linux are supported.

> We recommend creating a project with the default project template, which includes example code to help get you started. To create a new project, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend creating a project with `create-expo-app` that sets up a default project template and includes example code to help get you started. To create a new project, run the following command:
```

- Adding a little bit of context about what `create-expo-app` helps telling what it does (which is the context already added here).

Author: I am including this comment with the following:

```
We recommend starting with the template project created by `create-expo-app`. This project includes example code to help you get started.

To create a new project, run the following command:
```

Again, and with all my rewordings, please lmk if you prefer something else!

Reviewer: This is perfect! Thanks!

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx create-expo-app@latest']} />

> > You can use another template by adding the `--template` flag.

Author: I am rewording to this:

```
> You can select a different template by adding the `--template` flag.
```

- Implicitly, different templates are available. I don't think we need to say "available"
- I liked "select" from your rendition, so I took that.
- I said "different" instead of "from other"

With that, please lmk if you disagree and want another wording.
